[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
DINOSAUR POLICE
[Kana screams]
What's wrong?
-My shoes are gone!
-Your shoes?
When I have track and field practice,
I always change into my spikes
and leave my shoes right here.
Were they stolen?
What? Stealing shoes is awful!
[roaring]
-[gasps]
-[sniffs]
This smell...
What is it?
[roaring and sniffing]
[Kana] Oh, there they are!
That's right. I changed shoes
in the classroom today.
Goodness, you really had us worried.
But I'm glad we found your shoes.
Could it be?
-Ms. Naoko Watanabe, come with me.
-What?
Look at all this!
What is this?
Someone has been sticking gum
on the walls.
Huh? That's disgusting!
Isn't it? Imagine how it must feel
for the person who has to clean it.
[roaring] Sticking gum on the wall!
That is unforgivable!
Smell this and find the culprit
who was chewing it.
[sniffing and roaring]
[grunts]
[moaning]
-[Gauko roars]
-[yelps]
Throw your gum away in the trash!
[grunting]
You put them there,
so you better clean them up.
I'm sorry!
-Well done.
-Huh?
Ms. Naoko Watanabe,
as of today, you are
Dinosaur Police Gauko!
Huh?
[Keisuke] The tyrannosaurus is said
to have had a keen sense of smell
that enabled them to smell prey
at a far distance even at night.
Therefore, when you turn into Gauko,
your sense of smell likely becomes
incredibly acute.
[Naoko] But I'm sort of busy, so...
What am I going to do?
[Naoko gasps] Toshio!
Oh, Naoko.
What are you doing here?
Our shop started
a croquette delivery service
and I was doing my rounds now.
I stopped to use the bathroom,
but now the croquettes are gone.
What?
What am I going to do?
I might get fired for this.
Stealing Toshio's croquettes
is unforgivable!
[roaring]
[sniffing and roaring]
Delicious, delicious croquettes for sale!
[Tomomin] Yuririn, are you sure
it's okay to do this?
A batch of freshly fried croquettes
were just sitting there.
If we don't sell them while they're hot,
I'd feel bad for the croquettes.
Really?
[roaring] Of course it's not!
[screams]
Never resell croquettes! Never!
[loud beep]
-We're sorry!
Croquettes safely secured!
You really saved me!
All thanks to Dinosaur Police Gauko.
What?
[magical clink]
Naoko,
thank you.
[gasps]
[Toshio humming]
I'll do it.
From now on, I'm going to be
Dinosaur Police Gauko!
Yes! We won't let the bad guys get away!
Yeah!
We have a case!
It's combustible trash day, but someone
threw out non-combustible trash.
That's horrible!
[roaring]
Oh! That's my right arm.
I lost it and was having trouble.
You're the culprit who threw out
non-combustible trash on the wrong day!
-No! Woah--
-[growls]
I didn't throw it out! I just dropped it!
[Keisuke] Of the 15 volumes
of the original
Werewolf Teriyaki Boys series,
someone borrowed volume 11
and hasn't bothered to return it!
The culprit must've committed the crime
after reading volume 10.
Here, smell this.
[sniffs and roars]
Huh?
I found volume 11!
Oh, I put it in my desk
and forgot to return it.
-[roaring]
-Whoa!
[yelps]
Another case?
Look, it's him.
The new student, Big Sam.
Did he do something bad?
No, not yet.
Not yet?
He's super athletic, gets decent grades,
girls like him, has lots of friends,
and he's rich.
So you're jealous?
I smell a criminal!
I guarantee he'll do something bad,
so watch him closely.
Where're you going?
I'm being interviewed for a story.
Now, listen to me. Preventing crime
is also the duty of the Dinosaur Police.
-Huh?
-[Big Sam] Hey there, cutie.
-Would you like to dance with me?
[humming]
Yeah, he does seem suspicious.
Hey, are you Naoko Watanabe?
That's right.
So you're the Dinosaur Police Gauko
I've been hearing rumors about.
What? Rumors?
You're the feared Dinosaur Police, right?
Hey! Who's saying that?
Arf, arf... Ruff?
Good day.
What? Mutchan, come on. What's wrong?
N-- Nothing. I am just in a hurry.
Huh?
[humming]
[gasps]
KinPika! Let's go get some takoyaki.
I am sorry. I have to be somewhere.
KinPika?
Everyone is afraid of you.
The Dinosaur Police searches
for mistakes to reprehend.
But...
[inhales] I just wanted to bring peace...
-Look down at your feet.
-Hm?
[Naoko gasps]
[Big Sam] We don't realize
our own mistakes.
Yeah...
[Big Sam] It is much greater to forgive
than to not forgive.
[gasps]
Big Sam?
What a mysterious new student.
Halley Hello!
Today we are speaking
with Mr. Keisuke Saito to hear his story!
Hello, I am Keisuke Saito
from the Dinosaur Police.
What is the Dinosaur Police?
We bring peace to the world
through justice!
The Dinosaur Police does not tolerate
crime of any sort!
This stock is going down, babu.
I shouldn't have bought it...
Tsk, tsk.
Walking while on the phone!
Dinosaur Police Gauko, roll out!
I forgive it.
What? She's walking while on the phone!
She could bump into someone and hurt them!
From now on, I'd like to be more forgiving
rather than unforgiving.
That's how I feel.
The camera is rolling!
I need a big scene where you become
Dinosaur Police Gauko!
Huh?
[Keisuke grunting]
Oh, how awful!
Someone trampled the flower bed!
Dinosaur Police Gauko, roll out!
[roars]
What do you think?
This is Dinosaur Police Gauko!
You're the worst of them all!
[screams]
[roaring]
That's it for my report!
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪♪